# What's 1 thing you learnt recently

A recent tweet by the Head of Data Science at Monzo that touched on one of their most revealing interview questions was on how a candidate stays up-to-date with the current trends within machine learning. It struck me as an excellent question and one that when i thought about initially would struggle to articulate if was asked in an interview. The reason I thought of it as such as a great question was because one of the defining characteristics of the modern economy is its fast moving and ever evolving nature, the theories we learnt from our textbooks are constantly being challenged and redefined demanding that the modern worker in the knowledge economy is a constant student and relearning their craft. Just ask economist 10 years ago about negative interest rates and helicopter money and they would have stared at you blankly.  By broadening the question to “What is one weay you keep up with trends in your industry?” I set out to seek a framework that would help me answer this question.

“there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns—the ones we don't know we don't know, it is the latter category that tend to be the difficult ones” -  United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld 

The infamous Donald Rumsfeld quote on describing the difficulty of building an intelligence apparatus that is capable of thwarting terrorist attacks, allows to build a systematic process on how to approach this question. By tackling the question on the unknown unknowns, we can surface new and emerging industry trends that will point us in the direction of us knowing our unknowns. Once this is established we can build a learning system that turn these known unknowns to things we know. 

I found Twitter to best an amazing tool to scan industry trends that are unknown to me. As someone who has sworn off social media apps, the efficacy of Twitter to surface new emerging trends makes it indispensable. To help me surface the unknowns within the tech and data science community, I had to simply follow a few people within those industries (as simple as a colleague) and Twitter almost immediately took over and started the heavy lifting by using its algorithm to suggest people to follow within that industry that are highly engaging. Additionally, my timeline slowly started to fill up with articles, tweetstorms and ideas that my connections liked and retweeted that I wasn’t aware of before. 

Now that I had a tool to help me bubble up these unknown unknowns to consciousness. I could identify trends and people that I wanted to keep track, the known unknowns. A great tool for this is setting up an RSS mail feed (https://rssmailer.app/feeds is my go to) that sends an e-mail when someone I am following creates a new article on their website (assuming they don’t have a newsletter) or a Google Alert on a specific topic. The most important part is making time to go through the material, I generally setup a calendar reminder on a Sunday evening to go through all of the week’s material, where if anything stands out as something I need to explore further or want to study more in-depth, I make a note to research further by finding a relevant book, YouTube explainer or online course. This final part allows for the conversion of known unknowns into things we know. By taking the time to read through a few well researched books, it helps crystallize new concepts that were previously unkwown.  
